# eATP-prediction
INVESTIGATION OF THE INTERACTION BETWEEN ADENOSINE TRIPHOSPHATE AND SlLecRLK RECEPTORS IN Solanum lycopersicum BY 3D COMPUTATIONAL MODEL
Abstract 

Adenosine 5'-triphosphate (ATP) is a fundamental molecule essential for a wide range of biological processes within living organisms. The signaling of extracellular ATP is involved in plant immunity for stress responses and variety of other important processes developing of leaves, roots, seed germination and stimulating of production of secondary metabolites. The receptors of eATP, which are P2K1 and P2K2, members of the L-type LecRLK (L-LecRLK) family, have been found in Arabidopsis thaliana, but have not in other plants. This study built a pipeline for computational modeling the ectodomain of the L- type LecRLK structures and evaluating their ability to interact with ATP. visualization of ATP binding to p2khis99ala mutants and wild-type explains why His99 is the key residue for ATP binding ability. The pipeline was used to investigate ATP receptors in Solanum lycopersicum. Nine L-type LecRLKs in tomato, eight of which contain His99, while one does not, were modeled to describe how eATP binds to specific sites comparing with other ligands. The pipeline focused not only on the His99 region as the active binding site but also the favorable region in the model. At last, the results showed Solyc09g011060 and Solyc09g012000 are the promised ATP receptors, which bind ATP at low energy levels corresponding -8.287 Kcal/mol and -8.187 Kcal/mol similar to the arabidopsis P2K receptors. The results of this study support further eATP signaling research in the tomato, as well as other agricultural plants.
